hello I'm Matt Guf from the house comm
and this is an awesome snowboard this is
the DC MLF it's designed for the
intermediate to advanced level
hard-charging freestyle riders when I
first got on this this not this exact
deck but the 2014 M I left I was like
completely blown away it's a super fun
board with a traditional camber profile
a 2 in shape and a centered stance this
is a really awesome freestyle board for
guys I'd like to jump and guys that
really like to go fast
DC rates their boards in a called the
Fila meter and that's flex
maneuverability and camber now the deck
actually has a fairly stiff flex rating
of a seven and it feels like that and
then it also has a maneuverability
rating of a seven point five and then a
traditional camber of a six millimeter
rise so it's quite a bit in that I'll
see that the traditional camber in the
MLF feels like a camber board should
ride it's it's really responsive it has
absolutely tons of pop and it's just a
it's it's a blast to ride whether it be
just cruising around or just blasting
this thing off of jumps inside it's
gonna be an impact core that's a
combination of both poplar and ash which
are both lightweight but responsive
woods and there's a carbon quadratic
fiberglass carbon combination it's
powerful and it drives this board to
places where you can't even imagine
oh yeah literally I can't get over this
is a super fun deck you know I have a
quite a few freestyle boards that are
you know in my top favorites and the MLF
over the last couple years is like kind
of like gradually gotten closer and
closer to the top
I think of all the DC freestyle boards
or that are in the DC line this is this
is my favorite one
within DC the base is super fast as a
sintered supreme base it's lightning
fast its die-cut it absorbs tons of Wax
and yeah overall this is just a super
super sweet board it also has kind of
that fresh deck top sheet so it's a wood
top sheet and how could you go wrong
with a graphic like that yeah overall
this is
sweet I give it a few thumbs up this is
the DC MLF snowboard
you can find it at house com
you